list at least 20 quotes about poetry.

Here are some quotes about poetry:

1. "Poetry is the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings: it takes its origin from emotion recollected in tranquility." - William Wordsworth¹
2. "Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words." - Edgar Allan Poe¹
3. "Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality." - T.S. Eliot¹
4. "Poetry is the language in which man explores his own amazement." - Christopher Fry¹
5. "Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads." - Marianne Moore¹
6. "Poetry is the journal of a sea animal living on land, wanting to fly in the air." - Carl Sandburg¹
7. "Poetry is the opening and closing of a door, leaving those who look through to guess about what is seen during the moment." - Carl Sandburg¹
8. "Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance." - Carl Sandburg¹
9. "Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words." - Robert Frost³
10. "Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood." - T.S. Eliot³
11. "A poet's work . . . to name the unnamable, to point at frauds, to take sides, start arguments, shape the world and stop it from going to sleep." - Salman Rushdie³
12. "Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash." - Leonard Cohen³
13. "Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat." - Robert Frost³
14. "A good poem is a contribution to reality. The world is never the same once a good poem has been added to it." - Dylan Thomas³
15. "The poet doesn't invent. He listens." - Jean Cocteau³
16. "The poet is a liar who always speaks the truth." - Jean Cocteau³
17. "A poet's autobiography is his poetry. Anything else can be only a footnote." - Yevgeny Yevtushenko³
18. "A poet's work is to name the unnameable, to point at frauds, to take sides, start arguments, shape the world, and stop it going to sleep." - Salman Rushdie³
19. "Poetry should... should strike the reader as a wording of his own highest thoughts, and appear almost a remembrance." - John Keats²
20. "The true poet for me is a priest... As soon as he dons his priestly garb he must enter into contact with God." - Federico Garcia Lorca ²

I hope you find these quotes inspiring!

Source: Conversation with Bing, 9/4/2023
(1) Poetry Quotes (19968 quotes) - Goodreads. https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/tag/poetry.
(2) Poetry Quotes - BrainyQuote. https://www.brainyquote.com/topics/poetry-quotes.
(3) 30 Poetry Quotes to Inspire You Every Day | Grammarly Blog. https://www.grammarly.com/blog/poetry-quotes/.